SNOW-3383765 Add NET10 support (#1348)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-net: README.md

| Target Framework | Platform | Description                                                 |
|------------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| `net481` | Windows (.NET Framework 4.8.1) | Optimized build for Windows .NET Framework without Mono.Unix |
| `net8.0-windows` | Windows (.NET 8+) | Optimized build for Windows .NET 8+ without Mono.Unix |

> | `net8.0` | Linux, macOS (.NET 8+) | Full Unix file system support with Mono.Unix                |

Reviewer: these two should stay, right?

Author: yes, after second read of what this text says I concur they should stay.

> | `net1.0-windows` | Windows (.NET 8+) | Optimized build for Windows .NET 8+ without Mono.Unix |

Reviewer: I think there's a typo here.
```suggestion
| `net10.0-windows` | Windows (.NET 10+) | Optimized build for Windows .NET 10+ without Mono.Unix |
```

| `netstandard2.0` | All platforms | Backward compatibility for older .NET versions              |

**What this means for you:**

- **Windows users** on .NET Framework 4.8.1 will receive the `net481` build without the `Mono.Unix` dependency.
- **Windows users** on .NET 10 or higher will receive the `net10.0-windows` build without the `Mono.Unix` dependency.

> - **Linux and macOS users** on .NET 10 or higher will receive the `net10.0`.

Reviewer: Consider this instead of removing NET8 part completely.
```suggestion
- **Windows users** on .NET 8 or higher will receive a version-matched Windows build (e.g. `net8.0-windows` or `net10.0-windows`) without the `Mono.Unix` dependency.
- **Linux and macOS users** on .NET 8 or higher will receive a version-matched build (e.g. `net8.0` or `net10.0`) with full Unix file system support.
```
